hey everybody this is an unboxing of the
republic Wireless moto G just got this
thing in the mail I'm going to open up
see what we got inside hello welcome to
republic Wireless getting started and
simple when you usually just power up
and follow the instructions we're in
this together sure are alright so here's
the phone in the box cool it's got a
motorola sticker on there to keep us
safe and shipping nice looking phone
there's couple little how to use your
meeting the back cover motorola grip
shells get yours details look gave me a
little sticker cool all right have some
more goodies in here somebody was
complaining on that video oh look
there's a whole bunch of extra space in
the bottom of the package well you know
the order more than a phone that's where
they put this stuff so i ordered an auto
box the commuter case because i had one
on my defy xt I've been with republic
Wireless now for probably about eight
months and this is the commuter same
thing that I had on my defy which worked
really well I dropped it probably 20
times didn't break so it's pretty happy
with that welcome so if you're
interested in getting one of these
phones I highly recommend it I will put
a twenty dollars off referral link
in the instructions of this video and
that not the instructions the comments
section below this video so if you check
that out you can get twenty dollars off
of a new account as long as you buy
directly from the public wireless and
they said go ahead and turn this on so
there we go hey ya back I almost forgot
to show you guys what comes inside this
little phone box here we have our wall
charger uses a USB like report and then
the instruction booklet for the Moto G I
didn't have sprint service where i am
right now so it's connecting to why all
right now i'm going to show you the
otterbox commuter case on this thing
turned out to be a really good fit bring
some light on this pretty smudgy already
i've been using it for a little while
and i like it a lot it's got really nice
ports at the top to plenty of space to
plug in your headphones and it protects
it with a nice little rubber tab so
let's go ahead and play some music
thanks for checking it out guys hope you
enjoy the phone